{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green128\blue0;\red0\green128\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c50196\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c50196\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Palringo Technical Task
\f1\b0\fs34 \
\
APPROACH\
\

\f0\b Bug:\

\f1\b0 First I solved the Bug and wrote an acceptance test to cover the existing feature: Scrolling through pictures of a photographer.\
\

\f0\b Feature 1:\

\f1\b0 I made the CachedRequest methods non static and I made the class conform to a protocol to be able to inject an instance of that type in the FlickrFetcher so I was able to test the new API of requesting photos for a selected author.\
I then implemented the UI side of it and covered it with an acceptance test.\
\

\f0\b Feature 2:\

\f1\b0 I made a new View controller and built it using TDD. \
I created a table view with the comments below an image view with the picture selected. Then I connected this view controller to the previous screen when clicking on a collection view picture and covered this with an acceptance test.\
Finally I started to work on the HTML decoder, at the moment it is only showing the decoded string. This is not tested.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Feature 3:
\f1\b0 \
I did not have time to work on Feature 3 since I have been busy during the weekend. Can continue later if necessary. \
\
\
After finishing the requested work I would then refactor the codebase which can be simplified (CachedRequest class or the Photo cell) and some external libraries can be used It would be good to have a Coordinator which can inject instances of the needed classes. At the moment what class creates what object is a bit confused and unclear, a more clear architecture should be defined to make it testable. \
-----------\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 This is a simple Flicker photo viewer. \
It displays a list of photo from the Flicker REST api. \
There are several out standing tickets that need to be completed before the app can begin testing.\

\fs34 \
Please complete the following issues.\
You can use Swift or Objective-C.\
The issues are in priority order.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Bug
\fs28 \
Current Behaviour
\f1\b0 \
The app becomes unresponsive when trying to load new content.\
\

\f0\b Steps to reproduce
\f1\b0 \
On a fresh install attempt to scroll down the list\
The UI locks up and sometimes remains unresponsive\
\

\f0\b Expected Behaviour
\f1\b0 \
The app should remain responsive when scrolling the photos\cf0 \
\
\
\

\f0\b\fs36 \cf3 Feature 1
\f1\b0\fs28 \
Users would like to see photos by other photographers\
\

\f0\b Expected Behaviour
\f1\b0 \
The user should be able to choose a photographer from some kind of list. The main screen should then be populated by their chosen photographer. The title at the top of the screen should reflect the chosen photographer.\
\

\f0\b Developer Notes 
\f1\b0 \
The list of pre-approved photographers in a enum in the 
\f2 FlickrFetcher
\f1  file.\
\
\
\

\f0\b\fs36 Feature 2
\f1\b0\fs28 \
Users would like to see the comments for each photo.\
\

\f0\b Expected Behaviour
\f1\b0 \
A details view controller should be presented when a user taps a photo in the photo list. The detail controller should show the full photo, un-cropped, with the relevant comments and the name of the user who has commented. Layout is up to the developer. \
\

\f0\b Developer Notes 
\f1\b0 \
A method has been added to the 
\f2 FlickrFetcher
\f1  to get the comments. \
Some comments use HTML\
\
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b\fs36 \cf3 Feature 3
\f1\b0\fs28 \
Users would like to see the profile picture of the selected photographer.\
\

\f0\b Expected Behaviour
\f1\b0 \
The photographers profile picture should be shown on the main screen. It should be placed in the navigation bar on the leading side. \
\

\f0\b Developer Notes 
\f1\b0 \
The 
\f2 Photographer 
\f1 enum has the profile picture urls\cf0 \
\
\
\

\f0\b\fs36 \cf4 On going improvements
\f1\b0\fs28 \
Feel free to refactor anything you see fit.\
\
}